That's my roommate, Camille, and, well, that's me.
I haven't felt like myself recently.
I started regular pioneering a couple of years ago.
At first, I was really zealous, but somewhere down the line, I lost that good feeling.
Soon, I was losing my joy for almost everything.
I honestly didn't know what was wrong.
It wasn't like I was doing anything bad.
I thought, maybe I'm just tired.
But it wasn't getting better.
I tried to assess what was going on with myself.
I felt love for Jehovah.
I felt love for the congregation.
But I felt unmotivated in my service.
I felt like something was missing.
My enthusiasm waned.
My meeting attendant suffered too.
Thankfully, the loving elders in my congregation noticed.
And help was on the way.
The brothers visited to see how I was doing.
They really listened to me.
And they asked about my spiritual routine.
Well, I read the Bible every day.
But I admitted, I'm not a natural study person.
They reminded me about the example of Mary, Jesus' mother.
At first, I didn't see the link.
But as we read from the Bible, it became more clear.
Mary was known for being a faithful woman.
But what kept her faith strong?
The Bible account said that Mary paid careful attention to words that had deep spiritual meaning.
And later took time to meditate during conclusions in her heart.
By meditating on spiritual themes, Mary strengthened her faith and zeal for serving Jehovah.
I understand now.
I was reading spiritual food, but I wasn't taking time to digest it.
So it wasn't sinking down into my heart.
As a result, I was on a direct path to spiritual burnout.
If I didn't change something quick, I began by taking control of my busy schedule.
I made it a priority to start my day with Bible reading.
I sought out quiet places, or I could meditate on what I read.
Meaningful Bible study reinvigorated my passion for serving Jehovah.
And prayerful meditation helped me to refocus.
Over time, making these changes helped me to find joy in my service to Jehovah again.
The Bible says, when we make time to read and meditate on spiritual things,
we will become like a tree planted by streams of water,
with foliage that never withers and everything we do will succeed.